Advice from Sawa 

*Add more animation, but combine them 
*MBC should be just shortly introduce, it's not the focus
*Zero math, zero greek letters, try to make it so that dumbass can understand
*Introduction: provide challenges instead of lecturing people about the BG knowledge
*Make the storyline direct and has a main focus: every slide should have logical relationship with the latter one at least for introduction
*To eliminate all the logical derivation for people, instead, I need to do it in slides by using animations, figures, and so on. Make sure that they don't need to think to follow my presentation
 ----> Use animation to guide audience for what they should focus on, step by step

Slide 
1. supervisor? 
2. don't do this, after the research questions
4. Challenge is not relevant
6. Don't use the big words, keep it simple for a child to understand 
   try to make animations to make people understand 
   Visualization
10. too much info?
12. Add why Helix is best, don't use a star, use a frame or sth
13. Simplify MBC transform without using math, don't add equations
    MBC is one of the plan, so shouldn't be a focus, cut the time
14. Easier way in terms of control
18,19. Too much info, use easy words and concepts, make people more engaged
       leave out things that is unrelevant to the problem, get to the problem asap
24. The figure is confusing, make it more intuitive to understand (combin with setup figure), maybe the figure under the setup
30. Short mention about LiDAR configuration, or "we won't go very deep into the first one"
32. make it a propoer control loop, what is the reference
	Intoduce the system design block by block, use animations 
34. when introducing the slice, take a slice from the wake animatnion, and explain to people that a LiDAR is able to sample that
35. Be clear with people that the relationship between the hub jet and the helxi
    Make it clear to people that hub jet is inherent in the wake, it's a feature of the turbine wake rather than sth that appears in Helix
36. Explain what's going on in the animation, instead of just presenting the animation
37. Too much line, the figure is not informative
43. Quite a lot of line, just one figure is fine
45. T is the HFT, make it clear by having consistency with the previous content, explain the complete loop step by step using animations or results
51. Make the figure looks nicer by polishing the figure
53. When teling the story, also form the loop, and then replace with terms
54. Have better link with the story, G is Billy Bob, C is you, and so on
55. VAF is what
56. Mention the unstable zero, complexity increase
61. Add a title, and remove the "hub"
    label the figure properly
67. Add the limitation figure 

I spent too much fucking time in the future works
Conclusion (stress that you have achieved something)
	1. Great success! in big letters
	2. Explain a bit of the feature of what you have achieved
71. Simplify the figure and add text to clarify
72. Try to avoid observation listing, present it as positive as you can, be proud of what I did
73. Maybe start the conclusion with looking back at the research questions
74. Future works is a bit too much, some can be explained in conclusion